hello everybody this is WWE's biggest
fan again in part two of my merchandise
video and thank you for supporting my
video yesterday I know I forgot to show
my sign promos yesterday but i'm going
to show now superstars that I've met
first of all here is a milena of them
here is a Molina autograph yes my name
is Shawn so you Stu Shawn with love to
mmm I met milena yes I also met Stacy
keyboard there you go I also met Christy
Hemme a lovely picture christy hemme
there you go I also met Eugene people I
met Eugene and there's autograph I also
met the man and my favorite wrestler
John Cena that's right baby Cena is
demand but I also met Rey Mysterio there
you go there's a rey mysterio autograph
I also met joy giovanni there you go and
I met Randy and i'll show you his
personalized it to me you can only
really see it in the dark in a light I'm
sorry to Sean Randy Orton there you go
and i met val venis and i met the late
great rest in peace Eddie Guerrero there
you go
and that's it and i also met Kane I
haven't frame there's my picture is my
autograph promo of Cain I met him to
Sean Kane there you go over all my plan
here's another DVD that i have in my
collection the condemned the condemned i
also have a few books The Rock said and
Triple H making the game Triple H's road
to a better body approach to a better
body there's also one of my when I went
to madison square garden in april of
2005 at the Super Show here's my house
yes and my official souvenir program
here's him here I'll show you hold on
here's all my dvr'd the ego baby here's
all my DVRs now with this little bit of
time left I'm going to name all the DVD
that has been son his name all of them I
had yesterday okay I got WWF SummerSlam
1999 WWF SummerSlam 2000 WWF SummerSlam
2001 WWF Unforgiven 2001 WWF Survivor
Series 2000 1 WWF no al 2002 SummerSlam
2002 WrestleMania 19 to this set WWE no
mercy 2003 WWE survivor series 2003 WWE
Armageddon to
thousand three WWE royal rumble 2014 no
way out 2004 WrestleMania 23 de cette
Judgment Day 2004 bad blood 2004 the
great American bash 2004 vengeance 2000
for SummerSlam 2004 Unforgiven 2004 no
mercy 2004 taboo Tuesday 2004 Survivor
Series 2000 for Armageddon 2004
revolution 2005 real Rumble 2005 no way
out 2005 WrestleMania 21 three-disc set
backlash 2005 Judgment Day 2005 engines
2005 the great American bash 2005
SummerSlam 2005 Unforgiven 2005 no mercy
2005 taboo Tuesday 2005 WrestleMania 22
three discs at WrestleMania 23 10
exclusive three-disc set vengeance Night
of Champions SummerSlam 2007 no mercy
2007 Cyber Sunday 2007 Survivor Series
2007-10 exclusive from FYE WWF best
abroad volume 1 into 2 to set WWE raw
10th anniversary Stone Cold Steve Austin
what because stone cold said so the
stone cold truth divas south of the
border the cheating death stealing life
the Eddie Guerrero story the new and
improved d-generation X 32 set Shawn
Michaels heartbreak and triumph
three-disc set tombstone the history of
the Undertaker three discs at the
history
of the WWE Championship three-disc set
WrestleMania the WrestleMania of the
complete anthology 20 dis 1985 to 2005
21 days I'm sorry the Royal Rumble
complete anthology 1988 to 2007 2120
discs I'm sorry 20 discs in there are 20
more 20 Royals in their entirety the
ladder match three-disc set rey mysterio
biggest little man three days said John
Cena my life three de said raw 15th
anniversary three-disc set and the
legacy of Stone Cold Steve Austin three
dish set and by the way I just want to
say that these dvds keep getting bigger
and bigger just wanna sauce my room
again like I did yesterday here's the my
promos and stuff like I showed you
here's all my stuff too here's my there
you go with stuff in the closet to the
action figures to there you go part two
that's it I am WWE's biggest fan and I
love WWE and hope you enjoy part 2 as
you enjoyed part 1 yesterday that's it
I'm out of here see you later everybody
and remember be jealous
you